check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1169 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:67 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5951 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:education amount:2096 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:42 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:7882 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:4870 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:53 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:9055 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2835 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:53 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:6948 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3059 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:61 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:5234 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1295 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:business amount:4308 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1567 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1199 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:60 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1403 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1282 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2424 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:53 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:none purpose:business amount:8072 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:12579 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:44 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3430 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2134 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:48 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2647 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:10 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2241 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:48 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:1804 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2069 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1374 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:none purpose:radio/tv amount:426 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:409 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:42 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:7 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2415 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:60 credits:delay purpose:business amount:6836 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:63 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1913 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4020 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:5866 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:business amount:1264 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:57 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1474 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:45 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:4746 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:education amount:6110 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2100 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1225 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:458 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:30 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2333 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1158 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:delay purpose:repairs amount:6204 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6187 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6143 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:58 oth_inst:stores housing:forfree credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:11 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1393 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2299 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:1352 savings:500-1000 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:11 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:7228 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2073 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:2333 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:27 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:5965 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1262 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3378 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2225 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:57 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:783 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:6468 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:9566 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1961 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:6229 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1391 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1537 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:none purpose:business amount:1953 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:61 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:none purpose:business amount:14421 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3181 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:27 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:5190 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:48 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:4 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2171 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1007 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1819 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:37 oth_inst:stores housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2394 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:8133 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:7 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:730 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:46 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:8 credits:other purpose:other amount:1164 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:51 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:42 credits:other purpose:business amount:5954 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1977 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:1526 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:66 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:42 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3965 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:11 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:4771 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:51 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:54 credits:none purpose:car(used) amount:9436 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3832 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5943 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1213 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1568 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:other amount:1755 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:58 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:10 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2315 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:business amount:1412 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1295 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:12612 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:47 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2249 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:none purpose:repairs amount:1108 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:618 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:56 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:1409 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:797 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3617 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1318 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:54 credits:none purpose:business amount:15945 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:58 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:education amount:2012 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:61 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:2622 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2337 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:20 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:7057 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1469 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2323 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:932 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1919 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2445 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:other amount:11938 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:car/other age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:6458 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:39 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:6078 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:7721 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:14 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1410 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:delay purpose:business amount:1449 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:timely purpose:education amount:392 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:6260 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:7855 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1680 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3578 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:42 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:7174 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:10 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2132 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:33 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:4281 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2366 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1835 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:3868 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:41 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1768 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:781 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:63 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1924 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2121 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:701 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:639 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:1860 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3499 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:8487 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:delay purpose:education amount:6887 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2708 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1984 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:47 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:60 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:10144 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:21 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1240 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:27 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:8613 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:766 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:66 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2728 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1881 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:44 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:709 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:4795 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:27 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3416 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2462 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2288 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:paid purpose:business amount:3566 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:860 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:682 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:51 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:5371 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1582 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1346 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1924 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200+ months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5848 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:7758 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:6967 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1282 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:9 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:1288 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:48 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:paid purpose:retraining amount:339 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:45 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3512 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1898 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2872 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1055 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1262 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:7308 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:70 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:909 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2978 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1131 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:11 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1577 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:20 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3972 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:1935 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:15 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:950 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:763 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:2064 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:8 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1414 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:delay purpose:education amount:3414 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:paid purpose:car(used) amount:7485 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:53 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2577 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:338 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1963 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:571 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:65 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:business amount:9572 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:business amount:4455 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:21 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:1647 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3777 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:884 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1360 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:paid purpose:car(used) amount:5129 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:74 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:16 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1175 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:68 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:674 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:20 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:3244 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:business amount:4591 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:none purpose:business amount:3844 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:27 credits:timely purpose:business amount:3915 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2108 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:45 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3031 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:other purpose:education amount:1501 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1382 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:951 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:4 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2760 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:4297 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:education amount:936 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1168 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:27 credits:delay purpose:business amount:5117 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:retraining amount:902 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1495 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:10623 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1935 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:appliances amount:1424 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:business amount:6568 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:21 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:1413 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:55 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3074 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3835 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:27 credits:none purpose:business amount:5293 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:50 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:30 credits:delay purpose:business amount:1908 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:66 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3342 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:51 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:other purpose:retraining amount:932 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:none purpose:business amount:3104 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3913 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3021 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1364 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:64 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:625 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1200 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:707 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2978 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4657 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:none purpose:repairs amount:2613 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:10961 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:7865 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:53 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1478 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3149 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:22 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:4210 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2507 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:51 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2141 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:866 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:4 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1544 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1823 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:14555 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:timely purpose:business amount:2767 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:61 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1291 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2522 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:915 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1595 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:51 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:none purpose:car(used) amount:4605 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:24 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:business amount:1185 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:paid purpose:retraining amount:3447 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1258 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:717 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:1204 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1925 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:433 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:666 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2251 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2150 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:4151 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2030 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:7418 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2684 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:2149 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3812 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:11 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1154 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:57 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1657 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1603 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:55 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:5302 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:education amount:2748 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:57 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1231 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:802 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:business amount:6304 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1533 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:14 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:8978 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:yes class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:999 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2662 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1402 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:12169 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3060 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:11998 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2697 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2404 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1262 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4611 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1901 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:3368 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1574 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:18 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1445 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:49 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1520 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:63 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3878 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:47 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:10722 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4788 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:delay purpose:other amount:7582 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:31 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1092 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:1024 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:48 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1076 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:9398 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6419 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:44 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:42 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:4796 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:56 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:business amount:7629 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:46 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:9960 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4675 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1287 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2515 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2745 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:672 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:none purpose:radio/tv amount:3804 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1344 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:10 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1038 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:10127 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:44 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1543 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:30 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4811 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:stores housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:727 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:8 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1237 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:276 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:other amount:5381 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:40 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:5511 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3749 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:685 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:4 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1494 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:2746 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:708 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4351 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:48 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:education amount:701 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:3643 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:4249 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1938 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2910 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2659 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1028 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:8 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3398 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:5801 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1525 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:4473 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1068 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6615 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:75 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:education amount:1864 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:7408 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:11590 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:4110 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:23 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3384 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:13 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2101 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1275 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4169 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:10 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1521 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:education amount:5743 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:24 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3599 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3213 savings:500-1000 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:4439 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3949 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1459 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:13 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:882 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3758 savings:500-1000 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:delay purpose:business amount:1743 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:other purpose:education amount:1136 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1236 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:959 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:3229 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:none purpose:radio/tv amount:6199 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:education amount:727 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:46 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1246 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2331 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:4463 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:776 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2406 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1239 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:61 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3399 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2247 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1766 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2473 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1542 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:3850 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3650 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3446 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3001 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3079 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:6070 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2146 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:60 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:13756 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:63 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:paid purpose:other amount:14782 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:60 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:paid purpose:business amount:7685 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:2320 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:7 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:846 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:14318 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:57 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:362 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:20 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2212 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:12976 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:22 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1283 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1330 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:30 credits:delay purpose:business amount:4272 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2238 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1126 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:7374 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:other purpose:business amount:2326 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1449 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1820 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:983 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:19 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3249 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:39 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1957 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2406 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:39 credits:delay purpose:education amount:11760 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2578 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:55 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2348 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1223 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:46 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1516 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1473 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:business amount:1887 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:8648 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:14 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:802 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2899 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2039 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:2197 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1053 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3235 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:939 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1967 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:33 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:7253 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:business amount:2292 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1597 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:40 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1381 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:5842 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2579 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:delay purpose:education amount:8471 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2782 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1042 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3186 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2028 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:958 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:1591 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2762 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2779 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:28 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2743 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1149 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1313 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:1190 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:55 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:5 credits:timely purpose:business amount:3448 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:74 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:other amount:11328 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1872 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:2058 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2136 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1484 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:660 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1287 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:42 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:3394 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:car/other age:65 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:paid purpose:business amount:609 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1884 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1620 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:20 credits:delay purpose:other amount:2629 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:education amount:719 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:5096 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:education amount:1244 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:41 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1842 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:7 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2576 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1424 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:55 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:delay purpose:repairs amount:1512 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:61 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:11054 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:518 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:2759 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2670 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:4817 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2679 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:11 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3905 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3386 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:343 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:4594 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3620 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1721 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3017 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:retraining amount:754 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1950 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2924 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:63 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:1659 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:7238 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:33 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2764 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:4679 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3092 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:education amount:448 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:654 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:retraining amount:1238 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1245 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:3114 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:39 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2569 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5152 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1037 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1478 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3573 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1201 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3622 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:57 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:960 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1163 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:1209 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3077 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:52 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3757 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:62 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1418 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3518 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1934 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:27 credits:none purpose:business amount:8318 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1237 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:368 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2122 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:39 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2996 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:9034 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1585 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1301 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1323 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3123 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:5493 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1126 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1216 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1207 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1309 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:2360 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:6850 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1413 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:39 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:8588 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:759 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4686 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:timely purpose:business amount:2687 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:585 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2255 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:609 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1361 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:7127 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1203 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:700 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:5507 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:44 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3190 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:7119 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:53 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3488 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1113 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:26 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:7966 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:education amount:1532 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:4 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1503 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2302 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:662 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:2273 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2631 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:1503 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1311 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3105 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:21 credits:other purpose:education amount:2319 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1374 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:75 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3612 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:7763 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3049 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1534 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2032 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:60 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:6350 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2864 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1255 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:61 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:1333 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:43 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2022 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1552 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:626 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:8858 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:repairs amount:996 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1750 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:6999 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1995 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1199 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:67 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1331 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:2278 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:5003 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:3552 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1928 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2964 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:49 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1546 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:683 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:12389 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:37 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:4712 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:1553 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1372 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2578 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3979 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:6758 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3234 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:5954 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:5433 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:business amount:806 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1082 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2788 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2930 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:education amount:1927 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2820 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:retraining amount:937 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1056 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3124 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1388 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:2384 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:33 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2133 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:52 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2039 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:20 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:9 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2799 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1289 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:21 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1217 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2246 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:60 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:385 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:58 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:4 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:1965 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1572 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2718 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:other amount:1358 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:931 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1442 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:none purpose:business amount:4241 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2775 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:3863 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:7 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2329 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:918 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:paid purpose:education amount:1837 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3349 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1275 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:2828 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:4526 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:74 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2671 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:50 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2051 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:1300 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:45 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:741 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1240 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:48 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:21 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3357 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:car(used) amount:3632 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:1808 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:none purpose:business amount:12204 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:48 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:9157 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3676 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3441 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:car/other age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:640 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:other purpose:business amount:3652 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1530 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:timely purpose:business amount:3914 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:38 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1858 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2600 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:65 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1979 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2116 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:1437 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:42 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:4042 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:education amount:3832 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:64 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3660 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:1553 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:44 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1444 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1980 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:car/other age:19 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1355 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1393 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1376 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:60 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:15653 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:21 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1493 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:42 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:4370 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:education amount:750 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:1308 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:education amount:4623 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1851 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1880 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:business amount:7980 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:30 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:4583 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1386 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:947 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:education amount:684 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:education amount:7476 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:50 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1922 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2303 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:8086 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:4 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:2346 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:14 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3973 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:22 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:888 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:10222 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:none purpose:business amount:4221 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:6361 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:no/unknown age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1297 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:900 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2241 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:1050 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:other purpose:education amount:1047 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:other amount:6314 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:3496 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:paid purpose:business amount:3609 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:4843 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3017 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:4139 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:business amount:5742 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:60 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:10366 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2080 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2580 savings:500-1000 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:4530 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:5150 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:72 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5595 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2384 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:64 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1453 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1538 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:56 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2279 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:37 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:1478 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:5103 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:47 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:business amount:9857 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:60 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:6527 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:10 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1347 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2862 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2753 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3651 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:975 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:2631 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2896 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:4716 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2284 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:1236 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:50 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1103 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:926 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1800 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:timely purpose:education amount:1905 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1123 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6331 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:46 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1377 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:47 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2503 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:41 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:27 credits:timely purpose:business amount:2528 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:5324 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:6560 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:none purpose:furn/equip amount:2969 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1206 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2118 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:629 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:paid purpose:education amount:1198 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2476 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:9 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1138 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:14027 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:7596 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:63 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3077 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1505 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3148 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:20 credits:none purpose:car(used) amount:6148 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:9 credits:none purpose:radio/tv amount:1337 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:paid purpose:education amount:433 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1228 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:790 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:66 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:27 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2570 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:250 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1316 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1882 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:paid purpose:business amount:6416 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:59 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:1275 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:6403 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1987 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:8 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:760 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2603 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:4 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3380 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:paid purpose:appliances amount:3990 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:11560 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:4380 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:6761 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:none purpose:business amount:4280 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:2325 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:10 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1048 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3160 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:2483 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:39 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:14179 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:13 credits:other purpose:business amount:1797 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2511 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1274 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:5248 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3029 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:428 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:976 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:business amount:841 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:5771 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:delay purpose:repairs amount:1555 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:55 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1285 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1299 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:74 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1271 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:39 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1393 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:691 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:5045 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:59 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2124 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2214 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:21 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:12680 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2463 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1155 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3108 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2901 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3617 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1655 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:63 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2812 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:other purpose:education amount:8065 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:3275 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2223 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:52 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1480 savings:500-1000 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:66 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:3 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1371 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3535 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3509 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:5711 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:3872 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:67 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:39 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:4933 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1940 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:60 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:none purpose:retraining amount:1410 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:836 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:20 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:6468 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:60 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1941 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:22 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2675 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:2751 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:delay purpose:education amount:6224 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:50 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:40 credits:other purpose:education amount:5998 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:timely purpose:business amount:1188 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:6313 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:41 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1221 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2892 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:51 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3062 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2301 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:7511 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:51 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1258 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:717 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1549 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:education amount:1597 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:54 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1795 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:48 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:20 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:4272 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:976 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:7472 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:9271 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:590 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:930 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:65 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:4 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:42 credits:paid purpose:car(used) amount:9283 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:55 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:1778 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:8 credits:timely purpose:business amount:907 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:484 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:9629 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:3051 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:54 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3931 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:46 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:7432 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:54 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:1338 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:62 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1554 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:other amount:15857 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1345 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1101 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3016 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2712 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:41 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:8 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:731 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3780 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1602 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3966 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:none purpose:business amount:4165 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:36 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:8335 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:47 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:delay purpose:business amount:6681 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2375 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1216 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:45 credits:none purpose:business amount:11816 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:5084 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2327 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:1082 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:48 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:886 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:21 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:4 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:601 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:2957 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:63 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2611 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:5179 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:21 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:2993 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:1943 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:paid purpose:business amount:1559 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:50 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3422 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3976 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:6761 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:68 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1249 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1364 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:59 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:709 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:57 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:20 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2235 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:4042 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1471 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:35 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:1442 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:32 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:10875 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1474 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:retraining amount:894 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3343 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:28 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3959 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3577 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:5804 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2169 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2439 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:27 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:4526 savings:1000+ years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2210 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2221 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2389 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:3331 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:42 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:business amount:7409 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:652 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:furn/equip amount:7678 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:6 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1343 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:1382 savings:100-500 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:appliances amount:874 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3590 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:11 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1322 savings:1000+ years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1940 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:bank housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3595 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1422 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:27 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:6742 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:7814 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:9277 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:48 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2181 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1098 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:65 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4057 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:education amount:795 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:53 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:business amount:2825 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:timely purpose:business amount:15672 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:6614 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:28 credits:paid purpose:car(used) amount:7824 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:27 credits:other purpose:business amount:2442 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:43 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:4 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1829 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2171 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:38 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:5800 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1169 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:8947 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2606 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1592 savings:1000+ years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:35 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2186 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:4153 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:3 property:car/other age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:16 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:2625 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:20 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3485 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:44 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:10477 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1386 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1278 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:36 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1107 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:20 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:21 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3763 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:36 credits:timely purpose:education amount:3711 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:delay purpose:car(used) amount:3594 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3195 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:36 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:4454 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:34 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:4736 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2991 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:25 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:11 credits:timely purpose:business amount:2142 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:business amount:3161 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:31 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:none purpose:other amount:18424 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:32 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:yes class:bad
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:2848 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:32 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:6 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:14896 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:68 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:2359 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3345 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:39 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1817 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:48 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:12749 savings:500-1000 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1366 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2002 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:6872 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:55 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:697 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:46 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:18 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1049 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:21 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:48 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:10297 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:39 oth_inst:stores housing:forfree credits:3 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1867 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:58 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:1344 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1747 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1670 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:9 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1224 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:522 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1498 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:delay purpose:radio/tv amount:1919 savings:100-500 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:9 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:745 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:28 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2063 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:60 credits:timely purpose:education amount:6288 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:42 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:6842 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:46 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3527 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:10 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1546 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:yes class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:929 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:4 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:1455 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:real_estate age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1845 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:46 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:48 credits:none purpose:car(new) amount:8358 savings:500-1000 years_empl:0-1 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:furn/equip amount:3349 savings:500-1000 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2859 savings:unknown years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:18 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1533 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:4 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3621 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:other purpose:business amount:3590 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:2 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2145 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:24 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:4113 savings:500-1000 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:10974 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:1893 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1231 savings:1000+ years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:57 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:3656 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:stores housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:9 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1154 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:3 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:28 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:4006 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:45 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3069 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:30 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:6 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1740 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:30 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:21 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2353 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:3556 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:2397 savings:500-1000 years_empl:7+ install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:35 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:454 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:3 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1715 savings:unknown years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:27 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2520 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:23 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:15 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:3568 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:54 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:42 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:7166 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:11 credits:other purpose:car(new) amount:3939 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:timely purpose:repairs amount:1514 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:2 property:real_estate age:22 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:7393 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:43 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:1193 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_nonresid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:red months:60 credits:timely purpose:business amount:7297 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:co-appl resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:36 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:30 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:2831 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:24 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1258 savings:500-1000 years_empl:1-4 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:57 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:6 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:753 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:guarant resid_since:3 property:real_estate age:64 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:18 credits:delay purpose:business amount:2427 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:42 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:24 credits:delay purpose:car(new) amount:2538 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:47 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:15 credits:paid purpose:car(new) amount:1264 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:30 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:8386 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:49 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:48 credits:timely purpose:business amount:4844 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:car/other age:33 oth_inst:bank housing:rent credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200+ months:21 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2923 savings:100-500 years_empl:1-4 install:1 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:car/other age:28 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:8229 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:26 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:none months:24 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:2028 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:15 credits:other purpose:furn/equip amount:1433 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:25 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200+ months:42 credits:none purpose:business amount:6289 savings:0-100 years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:33 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:13 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1409 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:2 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:64 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:24 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:6579 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:no/unknown age:29 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:200- months:24 credits:other purpose:radio/tv amount:1743 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:2 property:savings/ins age:48 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:other purpose:education amount:3565 savings:unknown years_empl:0-1 install:2 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:1 property:savings/ins age:37 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:15 credits:paid purpose:radio/tv amount:1569 savings:100-500 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:34 oth_inst:bank housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:2 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:18 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1936 savings:unknown years_empl:4-7 install:2 sex_status:m_marr/wid oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:23 oth_inst:none housing:rent credits:2 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:36 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:3959 savings:0-100 years_empl:unemployed install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:savings/ins age:30 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:car(new) amount:2390 savings:unknown years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:3 property:car/other age:50 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:furn/equip amount:1736 savings:0-100 years_empl:4-7 install:3 sex_status:f_div/sep/marr oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:real_estate age:31 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:unskill_resid pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:30 credits:timely purpose:car(used) amount:3857 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_div/sep oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:savings/ins age:40 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:hi_qual/self-emp pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:none months:12 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:804 savings:0-100 years_empl:7+ install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:38 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good
check_acc:red months:45 credits:timely purpose:radio/tv amount:1845 savings:0-100 years_empl:1-4 install:4 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:no/unknown age:23 oth_inst:none housing:forfree credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:own foreign_worker:no class:bad
check_acc:200- months:45 credits:other purpose:car(used) amount:4576 savings:100-500 years_empl:unemployed install:3 sex_status:m_single oth_debtors:none resid_since:4 property:car/other age:27 oth_inst:none housing:own credits:1 job:skill/official pers_maint:1 phone:no foreign_worker:no class:good